README.md, before:

# Delani Studio

Delani Studio is a fictional studio that offers Software Development services,
to it's esteemed clientelle.The services vary depending on what one wants.

## Technology used 
1)HTML<br>2)CSS<br>3<br>Bootstrap<br>4)Javascript<br>5)JQuery

## Visual
https://watch.screencastify.com/v/4IL2QuH7zCJmtu70H7rd

## Contributions
I'm open to contributions and learning
If you wish to do so Kindly
clone the github repo to your terminal and afterwards submit a pull request.

## Authors
Paul Munyao Mutiso

## Support and contact
Email:paulmunyao094@gmail.com

# MIT License
https://img.shields.io/github/license/LICENSE.md/https://github.com/paulmunyao/Delani_Studio.git?color=purple&logo=Delani&logoColor=Yellow

<!-- ### Copyright
Copyright (c) (2021) (Paul Munyao Mutiso)<br>Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE. -->

Commit message:

Add copyright for the project

README.md, after:

# Delani Studio

Delani Studio is a fictional studio that offers Software Development services,
to it's esteemed clientelle.The services vary depending on what one wants.

## Technology used 
1)HTML<br>2)CSS<br>3<br>Bootstrap<br>4)Javascript<br>5)JQuery

## Visual
https://watch.screencastify.com/v/4IL2QuH7zCJmtu70H7rd

## Contributions
I'm open to contributions and learning
If you wish to do so Kindly
clone the github repo to your terminal and afterwards submit a pull request.

## Authors
Paul Munyao Mutiso

## Support and contact
Email:paulmunyao094@gmail.com

# MIT License
https://img.shields.io/github/license/LICENSE.md/https://github.com/paulmunyao/Delani_Studio.git?color=purple&logo=Delani&logoColor=Yellow

### Copyright
Copyright (c) (2022) (Paul Munyao Mutiso)<br>Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
